

# Priest
# ----------------------------------------
# Tools -> Pistols
professions.entity.priest.skilllists.toolweapon=false
professions.entity.priest.skilllists.pistols=true
# Damage -> Priest Unique
professions.entity.priest.skilllists.damage=false
professions.entity.priest.skilllists.uesuniquepriest=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.priest.preferredtasks.chop=true
professions.entity.priest.preferredtasks.search=true
professions.entity.priest.preferredtasks.gatherwater=true


# Engineer
# ----------------------------------------
# Evasion -> Engineer Unique
professions.entity.engineer.skilllists.evasion=false
professions.entity.engineer.skilllists.uesuniqueengineer=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.engineer.preferredtasks.agri=true


# Fighter
# ----------------------------------------
# Pistols -> Fighter Unique
professions.entity.fighter.skilllists.pistols=false
professions.entity.fighter.skilllists.uesuniquefighter=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.fighter.preferredtasks.build=true
professions.entity.fighter.preferredtasks.search=true


# Occultist
# ----------------------------------------
# Evasion -> Stalwart
professions.entity.occultist.skilllists.evasion=false
professions.entity.occultist.skilllists.stalwart=true
# Damage -> Occultist Unique
professions.entity.occultist.skilllists.damage=false
professions.entity.occultist.skilllists.uesuniqueoccultist=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.occultist.preferredtasks.combat=true
professions.entity.occultist.preferredtasks.craft=true


# Survivalist
# ----------------------------------------
# Melee -> Damage
professions.entity.survivalist.skilllists.melee=false
professions.entity.survivalist.skilllists.damage=true
# Stalwart -> Survivalist Unique
professions.entity.survivalist.skilllists.stalwart=false
professions.entity.survivalist.skilllists.uesuniquesurvivalist=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.survivalist.preferredtasks.build=true
professions.entity.survivalist.preferredtasks.craft=true


# Defender
# ----------------------------------------
# Auto weapon -> Defender Unique
professions.entity.defender.skilllists.autoweapon=false
professions.entity.defender.skilllists.uesuniquedefender=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.defender.preferredtasks.craft=true
professions.entity.defender.preferredtasks.search=true


# Academic
# ----------------------------------------
# Evasion -> Academic Unique
professions.entity.academic.skilllists.evasion=false
professions.entity.academic.skilllists.uesuniqueacademic=true



# Artisan
# ----------------------------------------
# Resilient -> Quarry
professions.entity.artisan.skilllists.resilient=false
professions.entity.artisan.skilllists.quarry=true
# Stalwart -> Build
professions.entity.artisan.skilllists.stalwart=false
professions.entity.artisan.skilllists.build=true
# Pistols -> Artisan Unique
professions.entity.artisan.skilllists.pistols=false
professions.entity.artisan.skilllists.uesuniqueartisan=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.artisan.preferredtasks.quarry=true
professions.entity.artisan.preferredtasks.build=true



# Scout
# ----------------------------------------
# Bows -> Damage
professions.entity.scout.skilllists.bows=false
professions.entity.scout.skilllists.damage=true
# Add more preferred tasks
professions.entity.scout.preferredtasks.combat=true
